feat(comment): allow commentstring to be determined from node metadata (#30501)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/treesitter.txt

    ((super_important_node) @superimportant (#set! priority 105))
<

                                               *treesitter-highlight-commentstring*
Treesitter highlighting supports finer-grained 'commentstring's, used by the

> built-in |commenting| plugin. When the cursor is within a node with the
> `commentstring` metadata property set, the comment marker will be set to that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built-in |commenting| plugin. When the cursor is within a node that sets the
`commentstring` metadata property (|treesitter-directive-set!|), that property
defines the comment delimiter (where "innermost wins").
```

Author: If we mention "innermost wins" here, should I remove the mini-paragraph at the bottom? `"When multiple captures set this metadata over a region, only the innermost..."`

Reviewer: > If we mention "innermost wins" here, should I remove the mini-paragraph at the bottom?

I thought about that but it gives more detail. Can leave it for now.

    ((super_important_node) @superimportant (#set! priority 105))
<

                                               *treesitter-highlight-commentstring*
Treesitter highlighting supports finer-grained 'commentstring's, used by the
built-in |commenting| plugin. When the cursor is within a node with the
`commentstring` metadata property set, the comment marker will be set to that

> string. This is useful for languages like `JSX` that have different comment

Reviewer 2: I personally prefer to avoid using specific languages when documenting language-agnostic functionality in favor of something like "take a look at the queries at this link".

But documentation is something where @clason has more authority.

Reviewer: concrete examples are good, though linking to actual queries is also good (can have both)

Author: Maybe I can come back here and add a link once `nvim-treesitter` has some examples?
